Check The Gate is a role play game that simulates the complexities and the intricacies of the interpersonal
relationships on a professional film production set.

To enter the website, press the "Play Now" button on the first page. This will take you to the the login
page, where you'll need to login. To login, enter your email address, enter your password, and then click
the button marked "Sign In". If you don't already have a username or password, click on the blue words reading
 "click here" next to the "Not yet a user?" question at the bottom of the page. (If you accidentally click on
 "click here" but have already registered, and therefore won't need to register again, you can click on the
 logo above "Register" and you will be taken back to the login page.)
	For those who need to register, the "click here" button will take you to the "Register" page. Here you
	need to fill in the blanks. You will be asked to provide:
A Username
Your email address
Your First Name
Your Last Name
A password
A password confirmation
	After filling this information out, click the "Register" button at the bottom of the page. This will register
	your information and take you back to the login page where you will then need to login.
	After logging in, you will be presented with the home page. If at anytime you would like to return to this
	homepage, you can click the logo on the upper left-hand side. From here you have several options for navigation.
	If you look at the top right of your screen from the homepage, you will see five options, the last of which
	is "Sign Out". Click this at anytime to sign out of your profile and return to the landing page. To the left
	of the "Sign Out" option is "Profile". Clicking on this will give you the information for your account,
	including your name and your email. Here you are given the option to delete your account.
	If at any time you would like to know how the game works and how to play it, you can click the "How to Play"
	option.
	To join a game, look at the top right portion of your screen where you will see five options: "How to Play",
	"Join", "Create", "Profile", and "Sign Out". Click on "Join". "Join" will take you to a page that lists the
	games that are available to play. If there are no games the list will be empty. Available games have a list
	saying what roles are left to be filled by a player, so if you are looking for a specific role type you will
	see if it is available in one of the available games. You will also see information regarding the duration,
	described as weeks, and the pace, described as blitz or real time, of the game.
Choose a game by clicking the "Join Game" button, and you will be taken to a page where you will choose your
role for the game. Depending on how many people have signed up for the game already, you will have one, two,
or three choices available. If all three are available you will get to choose between the Set Operative,
Creative, and Budgetary role types. If there is only one role left you will not get to choose, you will have
to take the leftover role. Same with if there are only two roles left, you will have to choose between the two
options left.
	After you have chosen a role, click the "Join Game>>" button and you will be added to that game. Clicking
	this button will also take you back to the homepage, where you will see the game you've been added to under
	the title "Current Games". If you'd like to start playing, go ahead and click the button that has the name
	for the game that you want to play at the moment. If you are enrolled in a game but the game doesn't have
	enough players yet, the game will appear under the "Stand-By" title. When you finish a game, the game will
	appear under the "Past Games" title.
 To play the game, choose a game from the "Current Games" list. When you click the button, you will be taken
 to the question available for you to answer. At the top you will see an information bar with the list of weeks
 and what round you are on. There is also a bar labeled "Temperament:". This contains your current score for the
 current game. Click the "Refresh" button to its right see your score.
To play, read your given scenario and choose the option for response that you would like to give. Click the small
 circle to the left of your choice, and submit the choice by clicking the button to the right labeled "Submit".
 This will also take you back to the homepage, where you will see your game under "Current Games". Since games
  are played in timed rounds, you will not get to answer your next question until the timer is out. If you click
	to play your game before the next question is available, you will be told that you need to wait.
To create a game, look at the top right portion of your screen where you will see five options: "How to Play",
"Join", "Create", "Profile", and "Sign Out". Click on "Create".
"Create" will take you to a page where you will need to give the game a name, choose how many weeks the game
should span, and how many rounds a week you want the game to have. After filling these fields, click the "Next"
button.
This will take you to a page where you will choose the duration of the game. The options are "Blitz" and "Real
Time". Blitz will make the game last for two hours, while "Real Time" will make the game last for 24hrs. Make
your choice, and click "Create Game". You will be taken back to the homepage, where the games you have created
will show up under "Created Games". A note here: if you have created the game, you will not be allowed to play
it. You can only play games created by other users.
